[Music]
so if you've never thought about this
well now is the time 12 things we better
do at night instead of in the morning
there are many things we do in the
morning because it seems like the
perfect and the only possible time for
them in fact research shows that taking
a shower brushing your hair airing the
room and some other everyday rituals
should be done in the evening now
there's a bonus at the end of the video
that explains how we can get good sleep
with the help of a pencil and you don't
want to miss that
but before we start breaking habits take
a moment to subscribe to our channel and
turn on post notifications to keep up
with our updates all righty here we go
counting down from number 12 eating meat
or cottage cheese if you don't eat for a
few hours before you go to bed you won't
sleep well hunger often causes insomnia
and if you go to bed without having
dinner you'll probably need a large
breakfast it's good to eat some meat or
cottage cheese because both products
contain a lot of protein and tryptophan
it's an amino acid that contributes to
good sleep a large portion of vegetables
is not a good alternative because you
may get bloated moon' number 11
walking take a stroll before going to
bed it will help you step over all the
worries of the day you can enjoy silence
and think about the things that bother
you also evening strolls are proven to
be good for health and they help to cope
with insomnia according to the National
Sleep Foundation research more than that
new ideas or extraordinary solutions to
problems may come to your mind while you
walk if you want any proof of that
you'll like to know that Mark Zuckerberg
the founder of Facebook and Jack Dorsey
the CEO of Twitter both like evening
walks
number 10 thinking over and writing down
an action plan for the upcoming day
Darren Hardy publisher of Success
Magazine and the author of a book called
the compound effect is sure that making
your plans at night contributes to
keeping your life in order we usually
make plans in the morning when we're in
a hurry and as a result we forget about
important things or take on more
responsibilities than we can actually
deal with thorough planning will help
you stay calm in the morning and perform
all necessary actions step by step
without wasting precious time and energy
no worries your daily schedule doesn't
mean you can't improvise it just means
that your day will run smoother and
it'll be harder to take you off course
number nine airing out your room it like
if airing out your room in the morning
is one of your routine activities here's
why you might want to reconsider it
human beings bodies contain white fat
very often this fat shows up where we
don't want it to appear the most but
there's another kind of fat called brown
fat it's involved in the body's thermal
regulation and acts as a source of
energy various tests prove that white
fat can transform into brown as a result
of the cold temperature effect that
improves metabolism open the window in
your bedroom at night to cool the air
you don't have to keep it open till you
freeze but just letting the cool air in
is enough to make brown fat work faster
and consume more energy even while you
sleep
number eight prepare your lunch and
outfit in advance if you have your
outfit prepared for the next day it'll
save your time and nerves in the morning
you'll avoid the torturous
decision-making you'll be sure that what
you want to wear is ready to go and
you'll have at least 15 minutes to spare
that you can spend on a light workout
or a cup of coffee you could also have
your lunch prepared in the evening if
you usually eat in the office think
about everything in advance an empty
fridge won't give you any extra energy
or put you in a good mood
number seven doing yoga and meditating
we often miss morning exercises because
of the lack of time but it's the evening
yoga that helps put our thoughts and
emotions in order relieve tension and
get us ready to greet the next day
nowadays meditation is also very popular
spend at least 10 minutes meditating
before you go to bed it's important to
concentrate your attention on your inner
awareness lie down close your eyes and
think about each part of your body
concentrating on it and relaxing it
it'll be way easier for you to fall
asleep after this exercise number 6
taking a hot shower or bath a hot shower
in the morning isn't the best choice
because the hot temperature is actually
a sleep aid it does more good if you
have it at night because this change in
body temperature creates an impulse in
our body to fall asleep faster a warm
tub is actually a great way to cope with
insomnia it also calms nerves cleans
clogged pores stabilizes the glucose
level in blood relaxes the backbone and
all that is very important after a long
work day in the office
number 5 reading something you want to
remember your brain memorizes everything
better at night no wonder so many
students study at night to pass their
exams and actually get good grades
scientists from the University of Sussex
also prove that reading is the best way
to relax because plunging into a
different world helps in getting rid of
the stress from daily problems better
than both tea and music you only need to
spend 6 minutes with a book to reduce
your anxiety level and relax the muscles
when I say book I really mean it smart
phones or laptops with their bright
screen light aren't a good alternative
as they'll make falling asleep much
harder number four
eating a Kiwi to sleep well many people
prefer to eat fruit in the morning but
there are some fruits that were better
off eating at night like kiwi fruit
several studies show that consuming two
Kiwi one hour before going to bed over
the course of a month helps you fall
asleep faster and sleep more soundly
vitamins E and C regulate neural
connections in the brain that are
responsible for healthy sleep cycles and
serotonin production don't replace kiwi
with lemons you'll get the opposite
effect
lemons invigorate our body and give us
energy the only exception to this rule
is if you have a cup of warm water with
honey and lemon number three
drinking a glass of cherry juice new
research from Louisiana State University
found that two glasses of cherry juice
helps you sleep nearly 90 more minutes a
night ruby red pigments and cherries
decrease the breakdown of tryptophan and
help it last longer and it work more if
you don't like cherry juice eat seaweed
during dinner according to studies held
in Oxford seaweed contains a lot of
omega-3 acid that helps you sleep better
and longer number two brushing your hair
brushing the hair before bed cleans away
dead cells dust and skin fat and a light
massage with a smooth brush helps
transport oxygen and nutrient rich
materials to the roots in the morning
you won't need to stow your hair in a
hurry stylist Sam Burnett of Great
Britain claims that brushing your hair
two to three times a day is enough
otherwise it becomes oily and brittle
and number one analyzing the day analyze
the day recall all the good things that
happen to you think about what you would
like to change and make some notes if
you have a diary
studies show that doing a daily analysis
is very useful and if you still suffer
from a lack of positive emotions before
bed do something pleasant like pet your
cat for example now here's our bonus a
pencil can help you cope with snoring
and headaches if one of your family
members snores or if you snore we
recommend this exercise that will
strengthen the muscles of the upper
palate because it's weak if you snore
[Music]
during your free time place a pencil
between your teeth and hold it for five
to ten minutes this simple exercise can
also relieve a headache because certain
other muscles relax now then do you have
your own evening rituals that you can't
go without feel free to share in the
comment section below if you like this
video let us know by using the thumbs up
button send a link to this video to your
friends who are often late because it
takes them forever to get ready in the
morning if you're new to our channel
don't forget to subscribe to it to get
all the cool updates remember life is
better on the brights
[Music]
[Applause]
you